All right.
So we've got a lot of wall of text here going on and this actually this hour is from the code fights
bot challenge itself where they time you can get five minutes to solve it is actually really stressful.
So essentially essentially the company bought strategy to challenge it saying I'm all for trainers solved
correctly so the answer is three plus six plus or post-flood divided by four equals 4.5 each code company
bought is trained by engineers from that specific company.
The way that it works is a representative group of engineers from each company is identified as trainers
before the body goes live and they and they code fight against the body during the training phase of
current training algorithm is definitely more complex.
Let's assume it works this way for each trainer we click two pieces of information per task answer time
and correctness.
Correctness is one if the answer was correct negative one if the answer was wrong in 0 if no answer
was given in this case the box correct answer.
Time for a given task would be the average the answer times from the trainers who answered correctly
given all the training information for a specific task calculate the bot's answers.
So in our example here it's going to return 4.5 5.0 5.0 and zero point zero.
So a lot going on there to evaluate in about a five minute time span is very intimidating.
But they will get done about three and a half minutes after I understood the problem little bit but
let's go ahead and dive into it.
All right so there's a lot of scary text there when doing two dimensional arrays and so may have been
very intimidating.
But if you slow down and read the problem which About two thirds of that isn't necessary it's really
not that difficult of a problem what it's asking is hey what essentially is our average when we have
a a time and a correctness for a right answer.
That's really what we're asking.
And so that's what we need to define.
So let's set time equal to zero and correctness equal to zero as well.
So now what we're going to do is really iterate through the training data is used for each year and
data and that will be of type a number.
That's optional but I think I think it's fun to put that here and what we're going to say is if Now
remember this.
Ciro index's time.
And this one is correctness if data 1 is in fact equal to one meaning that it is correct.
That was the guidelines for how we want to keep our data how we how we want to average our data.
What we need to do is that time is equal to data zero time up to time data zero and then add to correctness.
Data one
it's correctness plus equals or other
nice.
Now all we have to do now that we've calculated these values up we can just a return time divided by
correctness and you'll see we have not a number.
We're just going to hit this with an OR for zero.
That means that no problems were work correct.
And because of it we can't we're dividing 0 by zero which returns an infinite number.
Right.
There is no times where they were correct and thus there is no correctness.
And you could just throw this or statement to return 0 was the score.
So a lot of tech's going on there and that's usually a common thing to get people overwhelmed sometimes.
I know I feel overwhelmed sometimes I see a wall of Tax-Free like oh my God.
But you sort of have to read through it and ask yourself What am I actually being asked and filtered
through sort of the bullshit.